---
title: "2010-04-09 10:59:55"
date: 2010-04-09T10:59:55-05:00
categories:
    - diary
    - livejournal
tags:
    - TBD
    - imported
---

> after all, the UNIX developers know better, don't they?)
> http://vk.com/topic-12335760_22183370?offset=5

You're citing your own words as proof of your own words? That's ridiculous and absurd.

> TCP/IP is a protocol/document/agreement/standard/blueprint. > you understand?
> everyone has their own implementation.

Exactly. And, as I wrote "TCP/IP stack" (I'll repeat for those who read slowly — "TCP/IP STACK") — that is the implementation of the protocol.
Everyone has their own, and Microsoft's was copied from Berkeley.

> ))) just like car manufacturers, they keep releasing one thing > > after another.
> why? because there is demand/customer requirements.

Don't jump from design to product. Novell and Red Hat also churn out new products based on demand. But they have no need to change their architecture, just as car manufacturers don't mass-produce 5-, 6-, or 7-wheeled cars — they use the same design that Daimler and Benz adopted in 1885 (and which was originally conceived by Da Vinci). And there are no changes to the design (in the sense of the word "design" that you used).

Meanwhile, Microsoft first wrote a single-core, single-tasking DOS (when Unix already existed and was already multitasking), then bolted graphics on top of it to create Win9x, then created WinNT, which provided proper multitasking. One more step, and it would have approached the design/architecture successfully used in Linux.

But Windows hasn't grown up to that point yet.
